Docs 7087 Kim Edit (#579)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: modules/ROOT/pages/oracle/oracle-ebs-122-connector.adoc

> 

Reviewer: Instructions for edit:

This is using our new process, so this is all yours. 
This doc update is to address a very minor bug, but while I was in there I made some other minor fixes. 
Edit only the green and don't edit any of the reference file (scripting-reference.adoc).  
By EOD tomorrow would be great.

Anypoint Connector for Oracle E-Business Suite 12.2 (EBS 12.2 Connector) facilitates connections between Mule runtime engine (Mule) integration and Oracle E-Business Suite 12.2 applications.

== About the Connector Architecture

Oracle EBS offers different technologies or products to address various types of integrations. The most widely used integrations for enterprise applications are:

* Data-centric integration

> * Integration through Web Services using Integrated SOA gateway

Reviewer: Does "Web Services" = "Amazon Web Services (AWS)"? Clarify, if you think there is any chance of your audience being confused.

Reviewer: Similarly, is "Integrated SOA gateway" = Oracle E-Business Suite Integrated SOA Gateway (ISG)? 
If not, suggest lowercase: 
```suggestion
* Integration through web services using an integrated SOA gateway
```
Consider spelling "service-oriented architecture" if you think any of your audience might not know what SOA stands for.

Reviewer: Ah, I now see that we mean Oracle, so I suggest using the full name at first mention, followed by "(ISG)," and then use either ISG or (the now understood) "integrated SOA" or "the integrated SOA gateway" for brevity thereafter.

Author: Oracle Web Services

</dependency>
----

> Mule converts `RELEASE` to the latest version. To specify a version, view 

Reviewer: "view" or "navigate to" (since you then have to take an action in Exchange)?

https://www.mulesoft.com/exchange/com.mulesoft.connectors/mule-oracle-ebs-122-connector/[Oracle EBS 12.2 Connector] in
Anypoint Exchange and click *Dependency Snippets*.

== Connect in Design Center

> . In Design Center, in Flow Designer, click a trigger. +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In Design Center's Flow Designer, click a trigger. +
```
We can use this possessive because this is how PMM has decided to refer to Flow Designer...although they also agree to (Anypoint) Flow Designer alone as well....

> You can create a global element by selecting this connector as the trigger.

Reviewer: Note that the Prerequisites text refers to (Mule) Global Elements, but here we refer to (generic?) global elements? Clarify.

If a global element is not needed, you can use an HTTP Listener or Scheduler trigger.
+
image::oracle/oracle-ebs122-trigger.png[Trigger options]
+

> . To create an HTTP global element for the connector, configure these fields:

Reviewer: ditto re. global element; GLOBALLY search for and verify that presentation matches intended nuance.

+
image::oracle/oracle-ebs122-http-listener.png[Http Listener configuration]

> +

Reviewer: This could be a definition/description list instead of a table. See the list and table entries in the style reference for further guidance.

[%header,cols="30s,70a"]
|===
|Field |Description

> |Protocol | HTTP or HTTPS (secure) protocol selected for the HTTP endpoint

Reviewer: It doesn't hurt, but do we need "(secure)"? If I understand the difference between HTTP and HTTPS, I'm guessing our audience does!  ;-)
On the other hand, if you want to emphasize security, then this is just fine.

|Host | IP address where your Mule application listens for requests

> |Port |Port address where your Mule application listens for requests

Reviewer: Other Description texts begin with a space, and this one does not. Does it matter?

|Base Path | Path to where your Mule application listens for requests
|===
+
. Select the plus sign to add a component.
+
image::oracle/oracle-ebs122-http-oracle.png[add connector]
+
. Select the connector as a component.

> . Configure the Global element for the connector:

Reviewer: ditto re. global element vs. Global Element

> |Field |Description

Reviewer: This also could be a list rather than a table.

|Host |Enter the host of the Oracle EBS instance.
|Port |Enter the port of the Oracle EBS web services.

> |SSL enabled |If checked, web services calls are attempted using HTTPS instead of HTTP.

Reviewer: Note lowercasing of "web services," per previous edit question. Standardize.

Reviewer: Note that the following two Description texts are not actually descriptions but rather instructions.
I suggest making them parallel by omitting "Enter the...."
If you want the Description column to reflect user entry, then consider retitling it to something like "Value to Enter."

> |Username |Enter the username to log into Oracle EBS web services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Username |The name to use to log in to Oracle EBS web services.
```
Because the verb is "to log in (to)," always change "into" to "in to" in this context.

> |Password |Enter the password for the username.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Password |The password for the username.
```

|Rest Service Locator alias |Name assigned to the web service with Internal Name `oracle.apps.fnd.rep.ws.service.EbsRestLocator` when deployed.
|FND Web Sec alias |Name assigned to the PL/SQL web service with Internal Name FND_WEB_SEC when deployed.
|Responsibility name |Enter the responsibility name that is needed to execute the operation.
|Responsibility application name |Enter the application short name that is needed to execute the operation.

> |Security group name |(Optional) Enter the security group key of the Oracle EBS instance. Default value is `STANDARD`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Security group name |(Optional) The security group key of the Oracle EBS instance (`STANDARD`by default).
```

> |NLS language |(Optional) Enter the NLS language of the Oracle EBS instance. Default value is `AMERICAN`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|NLS language |(Optional) The NLS language of the Oracle EBS instance (`AMERICAN` by default).
```

> |Org. ID |(Optional) Enter the organization ID of the Oracle EBS instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Org. ID |(Optional) The organization ID of the Oracle EBS instance.
```

Reviewer: Again, all prev. comments based on the texts being descriptions rather than actions.
If you standardize to actions, then STET.

</Configuration>
----

You can view the app log in the following ways:

* If you’re running the app from the Anypoint Platform, the output is visible in the Anypoint Studio console window.
* If you’re running the app using Mule from the command line, the app log is visible in your OS console.

> * Unless the log file path was customized in the app’s log file (`log4j2.xml`), you can also view the app log in this default location:

Reviewer: If this is a separate method (bullet), how is he user running the app? If from AP or Mule CLI, then this belongs with one of those two. If both, then perhaps we should mention that.

image::oracle/oracle-ebs122-flow.png[flow example]

. Create a new Mule Project in Studio and select an HTTP Listener as a source in the new flow.
. Add a new HTTP Listener Configuration global element.

> .. Specify the *Host* and *Port* parameters with the following values:

Reviewer: Is this a step or a substep? If the latter, then the previous step should end with a colon.

Reviewer: Also, something just entered my head and you don't need to comment about it or do anything, except maybe store it away for a future formatting conversation: are we erroneously mixing GUI formatting (bold for labels) with CLI formatting (mono for syntax values)? Or do we have to do this?

|Port |8081
|===
+
.. Click *Save*.

> . Assign the new  Global configuration to your HTTP Listener.

Reviewer: Global or global?

. Specify the HTTP Listener path as the `/start` value.

> . Drag a *Transform Message* element and add it the following code:

Reviewer: What kind of action is dragging + adding to code? Is the user dragging a GUI element to a CLI element?

Author: Remind me and I will show you.

  ns0#InputParameters: {
    ns0#P_VALIDATE: 0,
    ns0#P_EFFECTIVE_DATE: now,
    ns0#P_LOCATION_CODE: "HR- MuleSoft Office",
    ns0#P_DESCRIPTION: "Description Office"
  }
}
----
+
. Drag a new Oracle E-Business Suite 12.2 component into the flow.

> . In the *General* tab, configure the Oracle E-Business Suite 12.2 connector global element with its environment values.

Reviewer: note "global element"

> . In the properties editor of Oracle E-Business Suite 12.2 connector, set *PL/SQL* to `hr_location_api` and the *Operation* to `CREATE_LOCATION`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the properties editor of Oracle E-Business Suite 12.2 connector, set *PL/SQL* to `hr_location_api` and *Operation* to `CREATE_LOCATION`:
```

+
image::oracle/oracle-ebs122-operation1.png[Oracle Create Location]
+
. Copy the following content under the *Message > Body* section:
+
----
#[payload]
----
+
. Save and run the project as a Mule application.

> . Navigate to `+http://127.0.0.1:8081/start+` to test the application.

Reviewer: Navigate to syntax? Again, are we mixing up GUI and CLI?

Author: Navigate is okay because this takes place in the browser.
